you had me at hello this is mr. alchemy
guys today we're playing some team
deathmatch on Arkaden bringing you
another Moab I don't know what it is
about arkadin but for some reason I get
my ob's in this map I don't know what it
is and I made that little intro because
for some reason I had that line stuck in
my head today and thought I'd throw it
out there i'm not a big fan of Tom
Cruise um his movies are pretty good but
I don't like him as a person I think I
really feel like he's the type of guy
that needs to be punched in the face
really hard and I really wish somebody
would do that I wish I could do it
there's somebody like a Kimbo Slice
could do it that way he would not get
back up cuz that guy's really annoys me
and you know I've seen the previews for
the the new mission a possible movie and
I'm not digging the do he seems like
he's trying to pull off something he
does not look good in in my opinion
anyway and the only reason I want to see
that movie because the guy I don't know
the actors name but if you ever seen the
movie SWAT it's the the partner that
goes bad at the end of gamble is his
name and swap but that actors in there
and it looks pretty good apparently he's
one of the highest paid actors on the
market right now he's in really high
demand for whatever reason and he's like
the fourth highest paid actor in
Hollywood as of this moment so pretty
cool thing going on there with that guy
and Tom Cruise I don't know if it's like
a bro love thing or what it might be but
anyway enough about that I know that has
nothing to do whatsoever with call duty
but like i said i'm bringing you my
second ever moab gameplay I literally
just caught this game about 10 minutes
ago so obviously I wanted to upload this
as soon as possible i'm using the mp7
with the specialist killstreaks setup
i'm using assassin as my first kill
streak slide a hand is my second and i
believe steady aim as my or not steady
aim sitrep as my third maybe i'm not
sure what my third perk is right now
surrett yes it is it just on and I
almost died right there but luckily my
boy dan had my back but basically if
you're playing with a specialist
killstreaks
up you really want to play as aggressive
as you possibly can I was running around
like I had no care in the world with the
mp7 and I love this gun so so much i
love the way it feels I'll the way it
shoots I love the way it looks I just
everything about this gun is just so
appealing to me I love this gun so much
and you might see at the end of the game
I was only like level 29 on this game of
third prestige I actually prestige
tonight but I use one my prestige tokens
to keep this gun because I love it that
much and I start drop shotting a lot
here towards the end of the Moab because
I really did not want to die and i felt
like anybody that was on juiced might
come over and panic knife me and i would
have been somewhat pissed and that's the
way that it gets if I know that I'm
close to him up and I get killed I do
get a little bit pissed off but I
realized that I'm still having a good
game so I just kind of taking a stride
move on but a few tips for the perks if
you're hurt running this specialist up
like I said you want to be as aggressive
as possible you'll see me I'm not
hesitating at all I am running through
like I am Hercules just destroying
everybody in my path the reason why is
because i know that i almost have every
advantage in the book when it comes to
perk setups i know that i will out shoot
somebody because i will have my sight so
fast and then because i'm using quick
draw as my selling a perk and i also
have assassins and they can't see me
coming and to be honest it is a little
hard starting off getting those first
three perks but once you get that
specialist bonus and get all the perks
in the game it is all a matter of riding
the wave so it is a little difficult to
start off but it does get easier as you
go along so don't worry about that I was
really happy with the way this game went
I felt like I played really well very
aggressively it happened really quick
this is a pretty fast Moab to be honest
something like this there obviously is a
little bit of luck involved you need to
have everything go your way and I will
say that the players on the other team
weren't the best that I've ever seen
they definitely had their moments where
they did not know what was going on as I
almost get panic map right there the
overall I felt like I did my part to get
the Moab obviously a 25 gunstreak is
much easier said than done and I almost
get killed right here by this grenade
whether it was martyrdom or a random
grenade that somebody threw i don't know
but i was in their spawn right here and
I was freaking out because I didn't know
if I was going to serve
but I do as you can see they're calling
the moab it's only my second one I've
ever gotten I was pretty excited I was
knife in the air and I thought that this
was gonna end the game because it shows
on the kill feed right there that
somebody got another kill and I thought
this was going to end the game but
apparently there was only five people on
the other team as of that point in time
because i only went to 7400 and right
here I way down the ground right there
because I saw a red dot on the UAV
behind me I did not want to die at the
very end of the game just after calling
in the Moab but anyway guys that's the
end of the game my final score was 31
and one I really hope you enjoyed this
gameplay and this commentary i do my
best to find aggressive gameplay to show
you guys so is entertaining to watch but
anyway i really hope you enjoyed i hope
you have a great day and I will get you
guys later